Fixes the URL to Basic concepts in README.md (#1545)
ag2ai/ag2: README.md

## Getting started

> For a step-by-step walk through of AG2 concepts and code, see [Basic Concepts](https://docs.ag2.ai/0.8.5/docs/user-guide/basic-concepts/) in our documentation.

Reviewer: This is the correct link:
```suggestion
For a step-by-step walk through of AG2 concepts and code, see [Basic Concepts](https://docs.ag2.ai/latest/docs/user-guide/basic-concepts/installing-ag2/) in our documentation.
```
